oxlikeASA_PMax                                 As
Mo                                             Mo
P2                                             Pb
orgavgpolGeomAvg                               Po
oxlikeASAArithAvg                              Ir
P1                                             
P6                                             
Ga                                             Ga
P4                                             
orgASA+ArithAvg                                Th
orgmolpolArithAvg                              Pt
G15                                            
K                                              K
orgdon-wateraccratio                           Tc
oxlikevanderwaalsArithAvg                      
orgASAMax                                      Os
orgavgpolMax                                   Al
oxlikemolpolMin                                Xe
oxlikerefractivityArithAvg                     
oxlikeASA_PMin                                 Si
AtomicRadiusMin                                Ru
O                                              O
Cr                                             Cr
orgASA_PArithAvg                               _pH
oxlikeASAGeomAvg                               Sm
G7                                             
EAMinWeighted                                  He
Zn                                             Zn
IonizationMin                                  Na
orgavgpol_pHdependentArithAvg                  pre_heat_standing
G6                                             
oxlikeASA+ArithAvg                             Kr
orgpolarsurfaceareaArithAvg                    
oxlikemolpolMax                                Pa
orgASA_HMax                                    Rh
Cu                                             Cu
PearsonElectronegGeom                          Ac
orghbdamsdonMax                                Rb
oxlikemaximalprojectionsizeArithAvg            Zr
oxlikepolarsurfaceareaGeomAvg                  Eu
AtomicRadiusMean                               
orgASA_HMin                                    Hf
PaulingElectronegMax                           Ca
orgavgpol_pHdependentGeomAvg                   
oxlikehbdamsdonGeomAvg                         Yb
oxlikeASAMin                                   Sn
oxlikeASAMax                                   La
PearsonElectronegMeanWeighted                  
numberComponents                               Np
orgmaximalprojectionradiusGeomAvg              
Actinide                                       Cd
oxlikeminimalprojectionradiusGeomAvg           _temperature
G9                                             
orgminimalprojectionradiusArithAvg             
orgvanderwaalsMax                              Dy
orgvanderwaalsMin                              Nd
pH                                             H
G8                                             
S                                              S
IonizationMax                                  Ta
PearsonElectronegMinWeighted                   
oxlikemaximalprojectionareaGeomAvg             
orgmaximalprojectionsizeGeomAvg                
orghbdamsaccMin                                Bi
PaulingElectronegMin                           U
IonizationMean                                 _time
numberInorg                                    Nb
PearsonElectronegGeomWeighted                  teflon_pouch
orgminimalprojectionradiusGeomAvg              
oxlikemolpolGeomAvg                            
orgminimalprojectionsizeMin                    Cs
orgASA+Min                                     Mn
orghbdamsaccMax                                Ba
orgminimalprojectionsizeGeomAvg                
F                                              F
oxlikerefractivityGeomAvg                      Fe
orgASA+Max                                     Sb
orgASA_PMax                                    
N                                              N
orgASA_PGeomAvg                                Ra
EAGeom                                         
V                                              V
G17                                            
oxlikemaximalprojectionradiusMax               
oxlikeavgpolMax                                Ag
G14                                            
G13                                            
G12                                            
Se                                             Se
G10                                            
PaulingElectronegGeom                          Au
Co                                             Co
temp                                           Tm
Cl                                             Cl
orgvanderwaalsGeomAvg                          
PaulingElectronegMean                          Pu
oxlikeminimalprojectionradiusArithAvg          
oxlikemaximalprojectionareaArithAvg            
oxlikeavgpolMin                                In
AtomicRadiusGeomWeighted                       
orgpolarsurfaceareaMin                         Lu
oxlikeASA_HArithAvg                            Tb
oxlikepolarsurfaceareaMin                      
IonizationMeanWeighted                         W
inorg-org-moleratio                            Er
orgminimalprojectionareaGeomAvg                
orghbdamsdonGeomAvg                            B
orgASA-Min                                     Rn
PaulingElectronegMeanWeighted                  
PearsonElectronegMean                          Ce
oxlikeavgpolGeomAvg                            
oxlikerefractivityMin                          Y
P3                                             P
orgASA-Max                                     
AtomicRadiusGeom                               
Li                                             Li
orgminimalprojectionareaArithAvg               
orgrefractivityMin                             C
orgASA_HGeomAvg                                Hg
orghbdamsdonArithAvg                           
Te                                             Te
hardnessMeanWeighted                           At
oxlikeavgpol_pHdependentMin                    
orgASA_PMin                                    Pm
inorg-water-moleratio                          Tl
orgASA+GeomAvg                                 Re
notwater-water-moleratio                       
IonizationGeom                                 Ne
EAMeanWeighted                                 Ni
oxlikemaximalprojectionareaMax                 
V0                                             
V1                                             
V2                                             
oxlikemolpolArithAvg                           
V4                                             
V5                                             
V6                                             
V7                                             
orgrefractivityMax                             Fr
oxlikehbdamsdonArithAvg                        
oxlikehbdamsdonMin                             
G18                                            
oxlikemaximalprojectionareaMin                 
orgminimalprojectionradiusMin                  
orgminimalprojectionareaMax                    
PaulingElectronegGeomWeighted                  Pd
time                                           Ti
hardnessMean                                   Ar
oxlikeASA+Min                                  
orgavgpolArithAvg                              Pr
oxlikehbdamsaccArithAvg                        Br
oxlikeASA-GeomAvg                              
oxlikemaximalprojectionsizeGeomAvg             
orgmaximalprojectionradiusArithAvg             
orgminimalprojectionsizeMax                    
IonizationGeomWeighted                         
I                                              I
orgminimalprojectionareaMin                    
oxlikepolarsurfaceareaMax                      
orgmolpolGeomAvg                               Ge
oxlikeASA-ArithAvg                             Sr
PearsonElectronegMaxWeighted                   
hardnessGeom                                   Ho
org-water-moleratio                            
orgavgpol_pHdependentMin                       
oxlikeavgpol_pHdependentGeomAvg                
orgASA-GeomAvg                                 Mg
PaulingElectronegMaxWeighted                   
hardnessMinWeighted                            Gd
orgrefractivityArithAvg                        
orgminimalprojectionradiusMax                  
orghbdamsaccGeomAvg                            Be
slowCool                                       Sc
G16                                            
EAMin                                          Am
